README.md, before:

# OpenFMB (Open Field Message Bus) Human Machine Interface

Single line diagram and HMI for OpenFMB

## Project Setup

Make sure you have installed `node` and `npm` on your computer

## Check [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/about/) version:

```bash
> node --version
```

## Check [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) version:

```bash
> npm --version
```

## Install angular [cli tool](https://angular.io/cli):

```bash
> npm install -g @angular/cli
```

## Install [Rust and Cargo](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started)

```bash
> curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

### Install [build toolchain](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/blob/main/src/README.md)

[prost](https://github.com/tokio-rs/prost) now recommends `prost-build`  
[prost-build](https://github.com/tokio-rs/prost/tree/master/prost-build) needs `protoc` or a C++ toolchain.

For the C++ toolchain, the following tools are needed:

* autoconf
* automake
* libtool
* make
* g++
* unzip
* cmake (not mentioned on the above pages, but still required)

On Ubuntu/Debian, you can install them with:

```bash
> sudo apt-get install autoconf automake libtool curl make g++ unzip cmake
```

### Install [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/)

On Ubuntu:

```bash
> apt-get install libssl-dev
```

On Fedora:

```bash
> apt-get install openssl-devel
```

## Build Client

From the project directory:

```bash
> cd Client
> yarn install
...
> yarn run build
...
> cd ..
```

### If running locally, edit the `config/app.toml` file

Set the IP address on the following two lines:

```toml
[openfmb_nats_subscriber]
dev_uri = "192.168.86.39:4222"

[hmi]
server_host = "192.168.86.39"
```

## Run application

From the project directory:

```bash
> cargo run
```

Commit message:

Update - added a lot of work to make full stack dev easier. Added -crt-static to the Rustflags in the Dockerfile. Alpine musl libs are dynamic, so libs like libressl couldnt resolve.
Signed-off-by: Seth Gossler <seth@openenergysolutionsinc.com>

README.md, after:

# OpenFMB (Open Field Message Bus) Human Machine Interface

Single line diagram and HMI for OpenFMB

## Other Development Setup

This project has a Devcontainer setup and VSCode launch configurations that will help you get going faster. It's recommended you try VSCode as your default IDE, it will save you serveral hours of setting up a debugger and host system setup.

The steps below are somewhat deprecated for this branch, as the need for SSL/HTTPS in our OAuth flow requires cert files. If you follow the below steps, please note the .devcontainer/post-create-setup.sh script. It will have steps in their (like cert creation) you will want to execute. 

## Project Setup

Make sure you have installed `node` and `npm` on your computer

## Check [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/about/) version:

```bash
> node --version
```

## [deprecated: use yarn instead for npm related steps] Check [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) version:

```bash
> npm --version
```
_Note: Yarn is recommended over npm_

## Install angular [cli tool](https://angular.io/cli):

```bash
> npm install -g @angular/cli
```

## Install [Rust and Cargo](https://www.rust-lang.org/learn/get-started)

```bash
> curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
```

### Install [build toolchain](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/blob/main/src/README.md)

[prost](https://github.com/tokio-rs/prost) now recommends `prost-build`  
[prost-build](https://github.com/tokio-rs/prost/tree/master/prost-build) needs `protoc` or a C++ toolchain.

For the C++ toolchain, the following tools are needed:

* autoconf
* automake
* libtool
* make
* g++
* unzip
* cmake (not mentioned on the above pages, but still required)

On Ubuntu/Debian, you can install them with:

```bash
> sudo apt-get install autoconf automake libtool curl make g++ unzip cmake
```

### Install [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org/)

On Ubuntu:

```bash
> apt-get install libssl-dev
```

On Fedora:

```bash
> apt-get install openssl-devel
```

## Build Client

From the project directory:

```bash
> cd Client
> yarn install
...
> yarn run build
...
> cd ..
```

### If running locally, edit the `config/app.toml` file

Set the IP address on the following two lines:

```toml
[openfmb_nats_subscriber]
dev_uri = "192.168.86.39:4222"

[hmi]
server_host = "192.168.86.39"
```

## Run application

From the project directory:

```bash
> cargo run
```
